Esther Scott

TRAVEL AGENT

Details

1515 Pacific Ave

Los Angeles, CA 90291
United States
3868683442
email@email.com

Full

San Antonio

Links

Resume.io

Resume Templates

Skills

Domestic & international travel
expertise

Budgeting & accounting
Logistical planning
Itineraries

Reservations

Travel Consulting

Languages

Figure Skating, Volunteering, Art

 

Profile

Customer service-oriented Travel Agent with five years of career experience in the Travel
and Tourism industries. Possesses expertise in strategic partnership identification and
development, event planning, and travel coordination. Key skills include organization,
time management, and written and verbal communication.

Employment History

Travel Agent, Amazon Travel, New York

Tasked with making arrangements for tours, including, but not limited to, tourist
attractions, transport, accommodation, and car rentals for the African continent focusing
on responsible and sustainable accommodation establishments and also destination
weddings.

e Provided advice about destinations and packages to tourists.

e Provided recommendations about tour and vacation packages provided by the
company.

e Visited hotels and restaurants to improve accuracy on the travel
agency's information such as cleanliness and available facilities so that
recommendations are accurate

e Handle bookings, invoices and issue tickets as well as confirm customers’
names with airlines/hotels.

e Provide pricing information, brochures, and internet-based information.

Travel Agent, PenTravel, Nashville

Primary responsibility to coordinate with local Tourist Guides to create itineraries for
their clients according to specific guidelines and preferences also to handle all post-sales
documents, pre-paid inventory management, rail booking, and document shipping.

e Attended client’s queries on the phone, via the Internet, and in person.

e Provided suggestions about how the company website can be improved for
ease of use, completeness, and marketability, if and when necessary.

e Checked the weather conditions and forecasts; coordinated with local
government bodies about the nature of the trips, and encased emergencies.

Education

Associate of Arts degree in Hospitality, Columbia University, New York

Spanish and French, Orlando Language School, Orlando

ravel and Tourism Management (Certificate Program),, Chaplin School of
Hospitality & Tourism Management, Buffalo

Accomplishments

e Awarded Travel Agent of the Year award for scoring 98% in the client
satisfaction survey.

e Organized reservations for over 340 guests while overseeing ticket
distributions and managing customer relations and sales of tickets.

e Prepared and processed more than 12,500 guests monthly.

e Delivered seven hours a day, reaching 27,000 guests and generating $270,000
of yearly income.
