Mandy Campbell, Bootcamp Instructor

1515 Pacific Ave, Los Angeles, CA 90291, United States, 3868683442, email@email.com

Place of birth

LINKS

PROFILE

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY

Jan 2019 — Jul 2021

Jul 2021 — Jul 2021

EDUCATION

Jul 2021 — Present

Jan 2020 — Jul 2021

Jan 2018 — Dec 2018

SKILLS

HOBBIES

LANGUAGES

San Antonio Driving license Full

LinkedIn, Pinterest, Resume Templates, Build this template

Passionate, entry-level Bootcamp Instructor with experience in freelancing assisting clients to reach tough fitness goals.
Assisted one client to decrease chronic AIC blood sugar levels from 230 mg/dl to 110 mg/dl. Assisted another client
in designing a routine to decrease body mass into healthy ranges over eight months.

Certified Bootcamp Instructor, Dominist Fitness Datteln

Ran datly tasks, staffing, and marketing for the group fitness programming. Upheld an active rapport with members
and improved group-class utilization by 18% by redesigning class schedules, approximating annual program
budgets, analyzing and reporting program statistics.

* Instructor and sales associate in a fast-paced fitness business environment.

* Performed personalized fitness assessments for clients. Received letters of thanks from 50+ happy clients
after surpassing their fitness goals.

¢ Exceeded sales goals by 29% average per quarter due to creating incredibly positive interactions with clients,
producing active word-of-mouth.

° Used active listening skills to design personalized routines for clients.

Bootcamp Instructor , Curves Gym Ponta Pora

Gave new gym members a comprehensive outline of the equipment, going over safety and advantages of a wide array
of exercises.

¢ Trained individual clients, helping them to achieve their fitness goals with a combination of healthy
exercise, lifestyle choices, and nutrition.

° Created and led strength and conditioning classes every week for up to 20 members, highlighting
high-intensity training and education.

° Designed and instructed stimulating group cycling workouts based on the five heart rate zones.

Bachelor's Degree in Exercise Science, Concordia University Concordia

° Surpassin go expectations in Personal Training coursework.
° CrossFit Level 1 Instructor. Coach’s Prep Certified.

Advanced First Aid Diploma, National CPR Foundation Miami

High School Diploma, Barlow High School Tennessee

° Varsity track athlete.
° Leader of the varsity cycling cub

Cardio Training Expert Client Assessments Expert
Fitness Routines Expert Health & Safety Expert
HIT Expert

Skiing, Hockey, Knitting

English Native speaker Spanish Very good command
ACCOMPLISHMENTS

Headed group exercise classes in HIIT training, outdoor fitness, and boot camp that increased
participation class numbers by over 110%.

Managed and trained more than 140 clients for the "Stair Climb for Los Angeles” Event. 100% of those
clients competed in the challenge.

Developed, implemented, and supervised more than four training programs, profiles and results for over
70 clients.

Took advantage of social media platforms like Instagram, recruiting five new clients weekly over six
months.

Developed three advanced circuit-style programs, integrating variations for all levels of fitness.
