, Kristen Connelly

VIDEO PRODUCT ASSISTANT

Profile

Three-year online Video Production Assistant for commercials and short films.
Competent with Premiere Pro for trimming short segments to required lengths. 20% more
likes and comments due to re-sequenced scenes to enhance audience satisfaction.

Employment History

Video Production Assistant, Blue Penguin Designs, Bar Bigha

Responsible for supporting a large scale production team of 100 people,
throughout production, including development, pre-production, post-production,
principal photography, and distribution.

e Managed the bookings for guests, the green room traffic, and any guest suites.

e Researched story ideas and then compiled footnotes and gathered footage for
presentation.

e Completed Video Production-scriptwriting, audio editing, and mixing using
the Avid non-linear editing system.

e Maintained and assisted with Production Acquisition.

Video Production Assistant, Botle Bob Advertising, Opelousas

Responsible for organizing and preparing visual and audio equipment to be used on video
projects for clients such as Pfizer, Knoll Pharmaceuticals, and Merck.

e Helped edit graphics and video projects from conception to creation.

e Collaborated with the production team to provide content, digital assets,
presentations, and other video needs.

e Built, edited, and polished videography proposals for business clients.

e Staged and set up audio and video equipment for studio and on-location
shoots.

e Performed minor maintenance on video and audio equipment and managed
any required vendor repair.

Education

BA in Film and Television, Boston University, Boston

e Related Coursework: Storytelling for Film and Television, American Masterworks,
Television Drama, The Holocaust, Film Industry, International Film.
Advanced Course in Digital Video Editing, ADMEC Multimedia Institute,
Online

2015 - Advanced Course in Digital Video Editing, ADMEC Multimedia Institute,
Online

Courses
Hootsuite Certified Professional, Hootsuite Media, Albany, NY

Adobe CS5 Certified,, University of Delaware, Newark, DE.

Details

1515 Pacific Ave

Los Angeles, CA 90291
United States
3868683442
email@email.com

melt

San Antonio

Resume Templates
Build this template

ala Ke aol

SES

Call Sheets & Sides
Adobe Premiere Pro

Camera Boom, Light Boom, Mic
Boom

DaVinci Resolve

Dutch; Flemish

Hobbies

Mountainbiking, Track Athletics,
Choir

 
